TL Improvement and Official TL Import (#497)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/omot_026.txt

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#8676cf>羽入</color>", NULL, "<color=#8676cf>Hanyuu</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 12, "ps3/s14/12/221100275", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "だから、もしも。",

> 			NULL, "So, when", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "So,", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//羽入rvS14/12/221100276.別れるべきときが来たら、その前に姿を消そう。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#8676cf>羽入</color>", NULL, "<color=#8676cf>Hanyuu</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 12, "ps3/s14/12/221100276", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "別れるべきときが来たら、その前に姿を消そう。",

> 			NULL, "the time is coming to leave, I'll go before that time comes,", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "when the time to part ways is coming, I'll go before that time comes,", Line_Normal);
```
